[gs][bm] Add GS for vcd (#7818)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/site/_includes/getting_started/vcd/layouts/STANDARD.md

> Currently this is the only placement strategy for vSphere provider. It provides deep customization options for lots of network layouts.
> 
> Here we'll describe setting up a cluster on a single Network which has a DHCP server and access to the Internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, this is the only layout strategy for the vSphere provider. It features a wide range of customization options for many various network layouts.

Here, we'll cover setting up a cluster on a common Network that has a DHCP server and Internet access.
```
